about us 

Website Designing is supposed by the one that is not modified. it is the web site that's delivered to the user precisely the method within which it's keep. Static web site delivers info with none bells and whistles. They’re simple to develop, economical to develop and low cost to host. they provide info in markup language language and data written in it can't be modified except amendment is advocated only once modification in supply page.


services
1.)UX Design

UX drives UI. Our team of UX designers at Acodez have ample of years of experience in the core areas of user experience, which helps them collaborate the finer modules of usability and functionality in-line with business goals and end-user needs.

2.)Information Architecture

Perfectionizing Information Architecture happens only when it is in the hands of experts. We plan a proper information architecture, which gives birth to digital products that are bound to change the world. Collaborating new technologies, design methods and business processes to formulate digital products that mark a new beginning

3)Mobile UX

Designing pleasurable Mobile UX experiences for people A great mobile UX is the key to your customer’s heart. We define and design mobile UX strategies that create excellent B2B and B2C functional enterprise mobile apps, which fall in the category of generation next app experiences.

4.)Digital Marketing

Marketing has always been about connecting with your audience in the right place and at the right time. Today, that means that you need to meet them where they are already spending time: on the internet. Digital marketing is the promotion of products or brands via one or more forms of electronic media. Digital marketing refers to advertising delivered through digital channels such as search engines, websites, social media, email, and mobile apps.

Inbound Marketing
Search Engine Optimization(SEO)
Social Media Marketing
Search Engine Marketing(SEM)
Email Marketing
Analytics Consultation

5.)Software Development
Web Application Development
AI & ML - Python, TensorFlow
MEAN/MERN Stack Development
BlockChain Development
IoT Applications
Big Data Services

6.)Web Development
CMS Development
Ecommerce Development
Node JS Development
Angular Development
React JS Development

7.)Branding
Logo & Brand Identity
Graphic Design
Package Design
Infographics Design
Print Design
Creative Copy Writing
